Nice. Now, for the next step do the following. Make sure you commit and push changes as needed for every step,
you can do more in between steps, the point is to practice to save your work like you would in microsoft word. 
When you reach a point you feel that is to be saved, you should commit and push. When you reach a checkpoint you 
should commit and push. 

I would be very careful from here on because, i will only give you 3 chances to start over for this assigment. 
This assignment is also due at 6:30PM today. That is 3 hours from now. Plenty of time to take it step by step and
be very very careful of what you do. Looking things up will save you literaily hours instead of guessing!

For the next step do the following. 
1. Add docstring to your "repeat" function inside "repeat.py". (If you do not know what docstrings are, look it up!)
2. Merge the branch "firstPractice" back into master. 
3. Create a new branch called "secondPractice"
4. Inside this new branch do the following. (ALL OF THIS HAS TO BE DONE FROM VSCODE. DO NOT USE FINDER ON YOUR COMPUTER,
    You can either use the "explorer" to the left inside VSCODE or use the built in terminal console in VSCODE your choice. How to find these things
    are on google and if you look closely at VSCODE and you read about it like you told me, they are very easy to find.)

    a. Create a new folder inside your "Passover" folder. Call this folder "Laboratory 1"
    b. Move the "repeat.py" file inside "Laboratory 1"
    c. Create a new function file inside "Laboratory 1" called "parrot.py"
    d. Inside "parrot.py" define a function called "parrot"
    e. Parrot should as the user for a word, then it should ask the user for a number. (That is two things it will ask the user. One after the other)
    f. Parrot should then [Print] the word the user put in as many times as the number asked. (see the example below).


    Sample:
    1. "Enter a word here: " <-- I will enter the word "Hello"
    2. "Enter a number here: " <-- I enter the number 5

 When i run your file, it should print out "Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello" That is Hello 5 times. 

 REMEBER TO COMMIT AND PUSH (THIS IS LIKE SAVING YOUR FILE AND WILL SAVE YOU ONE DAY!!!)